docs(wallet): document all the wallet JSON-RPC methods (#485)
witnet/witnet-rust: docs/interface/wallet.md

# Wallet

The Witnet wallet backend is a Rust program which manages the user keys.

> It can be used to sign transactions, and send them to the Witnet node over JSON-RPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used to sign transactions and send them to the Witnet node over JSON-RPC.
```

## Methods

The following methods are available:

    createDataRequest(data_request_args) -> DataRequest
    createMnemonics() -> Mnemonics
    createWallet(name, password) -> Wallet
    generateAddress(wallet_id) -> Address
    getTransactions(wallet_id, limit, page) -> Vec<Transaction>
    getWalletInfos() -> Vec<WalletInfos>
    importSeed(mnemonics / xpriv)
    lockWallet(wallet_id, wipe=false)
    runDataRequest(data_request) -> RadonValue
    sendDataRequest(data_request)
    sendVTT(wallet_id, to_address, amount, fee, subject) -> Transaction
    unlockWallet(id, password) -> Wallet

### createDataRequest

```
createDataRequest(data_request_args) -> DataRequest
```

Constructs a Data Request.

### createMnemonics

```
createMnemonics() -> Mnemonics
```

Returns new randomly-generated mnemonics compliant with BIP-39.

The mnemonics are a list of words like the following one:

```
choice spray absent olympic obey talk magnet exchange weekend skate camera segment nose canoe fatigue
```

### createWallet

```
createWallet(name, password) -> Wallet
```

Creates a new wallet with the given name and password.

### generateAddress

```
generateAddress(wallet_id) -> Address
```

> Returns a new derived address for the given wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a new address freshly derived from the given wallet's master key.
```
